I am a big believer in constant self-improvement. I take the time to reflect on my thoughts and actions, and use mechanisms like the feedback loops to do the best I can everyday, wether that by physical, mental, or social.
I believe that the homo sapien is designed to be crafted and chiseled over time, and it is not born a perfect product. I carry this philosophy to my product thinking, and realise that feedback and iteration makes perfect.
This philosophy dictates how I spend my time and how I spend even my effort. 

I set my goals high and do my best to work up to it, with strong strategy and relentless execution. It is no doubt a journey to building a life of consistent consistency, and it is something I try to do everyday.
I am relentless with problems and finding creative solutions to them. The approach I take is to break things down into smaller bits, find solutions from a first principles perspective, and make sure its fits the cohesive final solution; much like how RAG systems first chunk, retrieve, and generate.

My strongest skills would be leadership and collaboration, having an outcome driven mindset, and creativity.
From a very young age I have dove into anything that involved working in a team and achieving an outcome. I would strive to win, not only for myself, but because i felt joy in winning together after the shared hard work towards the goal. These were simple in middle school like sports, art, or dance, but evolved into more passion related fields like robotics and design.
I am a strong communicator and found it to be an incredibly powerful skill, that brings people on one page, resolves problems quick, and runs projects smoothly. My ideas come to life with higher accuracy with my clear communication.
Creativity is at the core of everything I do, from being involved in graphic design as a 13 year old, to winning national robotics competitions due to my creative ideas and execution, coupled with strong impactful presentations. I learned early on that being unique and useful is important, and what glues it all together is how you communicate.
I love learning and I am inherently curious. Funnily, this led me to build a taser at the age of 12 and shock my entire family for kicks.



